It's of course up to you how you want us styled as confirm text here or actually should not just be
text it should be a view with the text in there which outputs our number and then a button to start
the game and you can definitely pass the video at this point and come up with your own styling there
your own layout.
I have a certain layout in mind which certainly will differ from yours but there is no wrong or right
decision here so definitely take this as another chance to come up with your own layout for this and
a button that right now doesn't do anything but that is stare which would allow the user to start the
game and after a short pause which you can use to pass the video I'll implement my solution to get rid
with you.
So here's how I think that this would look nice.
I want to have a view so that I can set up a general container around that or actually maybe not a view.
But why don't we use our card here.
That sounds like a good idea.
Now that card if we have a look at it doesn't have a margin and I want to have some spacing between
that card at the top and my summary card.
So therefore here I'll give this a separate style here in my style sheet in the start game screen.
I'll name this summary container name as always is up to you and I want to have a margin to the top
of let's say 20 some some nice spacing here and add this why I installed prob to the card here and in
there I want to say you select it and then in a new line outputs the number in a in a nicely percent
that way maybe the number and kind of a box with a separate border with rounded corners so that it's
clearly visible or all the bigger than the average text and therefore here I'll add a view with a text
in there and in that text I'll have to select that number but now that view and the text should get
a special styling and since I plan on reusing that I'll actually grab it and outsource it into a new
component and I'll name it.
No container in this component I'll import react from react and import view and text from React Native
and then half the number container component here export default number or container and of course we'll
all need establishes here so let's set up a style sheet as well with style sheet creates down there
and then in this component all returned is the new thing here with the selected number which now however
has to be passed in and I expected to get to get it between the opening and closing tax of melon component
with the help of props children.
Now this container of course is something you can freely configure.
I'll add just a container style container name here where I think a border with of two might look good.
So a little bit of a broader wider border a border color where I actually want you as my primary color
or my accent color will see which one looks better.
So let's import colors from constants colors and for the border of color then use colors accent for
now and see how that looks like some padding so that the number is not directly on the edges of that
surrounding box.
Doesn't sits directly next to the border a border radius of tend to have some rounded borders as I'm
rounded corners.
Excuse me by the way if you would want to target individual corners you could do so with border.
Top left radio's top right radio's top end and top start also takes the user's settings regarding if
it's a left right or right left language into account so you can target all single corners as well or
set a radius for all corners with border radius and also add a little margin here margin vertical of
of 10 maybe to have some spacing at the top at bottom around of this container here and all important
centered text in there with a line item center and justify content center taking advantage of that flex
box behavior and with that I also want to give the number itself so to text a certain style and that
style is that I give the color also the text also debt X and color and I want to use a font size of
22 to have to really stand out and later will also use a custom fund and then this review here gets
the container style and the text here of course receives D No style with Def set up we can use the number
of container into start game screen so there we simply add that import and what we're doing here is
pretty normal that you have multiple components of which you compose your application.
So now we can use the number container in the Star game screen component added here below this text
and in the number container we get the content here with props children we output it with props children
that means we have to pass it between the opening closing tax.
So here we forward the selected number.
Now that's just my suggestion for how we could style this but I like the style.
And then for the moment I'll add a button here which is a self closing tag though the built in button
with the title of start game all caps to make it really stand out and save this.
And now if we choose a number here this is what we get and it doesn't look too ugly I'd say Still there
are two things which I want to change this text here should be centered and this box with the number
should not be as wide as the surrounding box but be only as wide as the number needs it to be.
Now to make both work I'll go to my card which holds all the content here and with that I mean I go
to the style in the start games screen which also use on the card.
That's my summary container.
And there we can align these items in there to be centered instead of using the default which would
be stretch and now this is automatically centered and the box is only as wide as the number requires
that to be.
Now that doesn't look too shabby.
One last thing which I just noticed is also that when we confirm an input I always once to a keyboard
API to dismiss the keyboard so that as soon as we press confirm here we also close to keyboard.
And now we have a nice output here.
Now with that we have a solid base look I'd say we can pick a number.
We're doing some rough validation to make sure that we have a valid number and the next step is that
we make this start game back to work and we swap what we see on the screen here for our the game is
running screen where the computer is now making guesses and we then make sure we give the user a chance
of telling if the numbers should be greater or lower.
And we then at some point are finished and show a game over a screen.